Witch band sings One?-*Metallica-Judas Priest-Megadeth-Black Sabbath
Which of the following bands formed first?-Fear Factory-Soulfly-They all formed at the same time-*Metallica
Witch band singer is Matt Shadows?-Metallica-Korn-*Avenged Sevenfold-Pantera
Released on June 6th 1969, What is the name of Elton Johns debut album?-Tumbleweed Connection-*Empty Sky-Madman Across the Water-Elton John
How many of ACDCs singles have reached the UK Top 10?-2-3-*0-1
In what year did Iron Maiden release their classic album The Number of the Beast?-*1982-1991-1979-1987
Just a small town girl living in a lonely world. She took the midnight train goin anywhere...?-Eagles, Already Gone-*Journey, Dont Stop Believin-Rod Stewart, Maggie May-Bob Seger, Turn the Page
Get your motor running, head out on the highway. Lookin for adventure and whatever comes our way...?-After Midnight, Eric Clapton-Supertramp, Take the Long Way Home-*Steppenwolf, Born to be Wild-Boston, Hitch A Ride
My body is burning. It starts to shout. Desire is coming, it breaks out loud. Lust is in cages til storm breaks loose...?-Peter Frampton, Show Me The Way-The Rolling Stones, Angie-Joe Cocker, Feeling Alright-*Scorpions, Rock You Like a Hurricane
Once I rose above the noise and confusion. Just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion. I was soaring ever higher, but I flew too high...?-Supertramp, Even In The Quietest Moments-*Kansas, Carry On Wayward Son-Yes, Roundabout-Moody Blues, Your Wildest Dreams
Rising up, back on the street, did my time, took my chances. Went the distance, now Im back on my feet, just a man and his will to survive...?-Neil Young, Southern Man-*Survivor, Eye Of The Tiger-Foreigner, Blue Morning Blue Day-Argent, Hold Your Head Up
Theres a feeling I get when I look to the west, and my spirit is crying for leaving. In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees...?-Genesis, Follow You Follow Me-Eddie Money, Two Tickets To Paradise-The Byrds, Turn, Turn, Turn-*Led Zeppelin, Stairway to Heaven
Its all the same, only the names will change, everyday it seems we are wasting away. Another place where the faces are so cold...?-*Bon Jovi, Wanted Dead Or Alive-The Rolling Stones, Its All Over Now-Fleetwood Mac, Over My Head-Blind Faith, Cant Find My Way Home
Shes got a smile that it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky...?-The Cars, Bye Bye Love-John Mellencamp, Hurts So Good-*Guns N Roses, Sweet Child O Mine-CCR, Suzie Q
Forget the hearse cause Ill never die. I got nine lives, cats eyes, using every one of them and running wild...?-The Doobie Brothers, Black Water-Bad Company, Rock Steady-The Rolling Stones, Paint It Black-*ACDC, Back in Black
On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair. Warm smell of colitas rising up through the air. Up ahead in the distance...?-Eddie Money, Two Tickets To Paradise-Bob Dylan, Subterranean Homesick Blues-*Eagles, Hotel California-Canned Heat, On The Road Again
Im gonna make a change for once in my life. Its gonna feel real good, gonna make a difference, gonna make it right...?-This is it-They Dont Care About Us-*Man In The Mirror-This Time Around
Your butt is mine. Gonna tell you right. Just show your face in broad daylight...?-Tabloid Junkie-*Bad-Thriller-The Girl Is Mine
She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene. I said dont mind, but what do you mean, I am the one...?-Whatzupwitu-You Cant Win-Workin Day and Night-*Billie Jean
Living easy, living free, season ticket on a one way ride. Asking nothing, leave me be...?-Heatseeker-Guns for Hire-Deep in the Hole-*Highway to Hell
Who is the lead singer for Aerosmith?-Sting-Robert Plant-*Steve Tyler-Mick Jagger
What band created the song Bodies?-*Drowning Pool-Dope-Godsmack-Mudvayne
What year was Disturbed The Sickness album release?-2002-*2000-2005-2008
What was Slipknots debut album?-All Hope is Gone-The Gray Chapter-Iowa-Slipknot
What year did Denis Stoff leave Asking Alexandria?-2015-2017-*2016-Never Left
What was Avenged Sevenfold debut album?-Avenged Sevenfold-Nightmare-*Sounding the Seventh Trumpet-Waking the Fallen
What was System of a Down debut album?-Toxicity-Mezmerize-Hypnotize-*System of a Down
On what band did Skrillex used to sing before becoming Skrillex?-*From First to Last-We Came As Romans-Miss May I-Escape The Fate
What was Ozzy Osbourne debut album?-Speak of the Devil-*Blizzard of Ozz-Bark at the Moon-Ozzmosis
What was Guns n Roses debut album?-The Spaghetti Incident?-Use Your Illusion I-Use Your Illusion II-*Appetite for Destruction
Disturbed had a hit in March of 2016 with a cover of a Simon and Garfunkel song from 1964. Name it?-Mrs. Robinson-I Am a Rock-Bridge over Troubled Water-*The Sound Of Silence
What band sings the song Metalingus?-Creed-Submersed-*Alter Bridge-12 Stones
What band sings the song Slow Ride?-*Foghat-Humble Pie-The Outlaws-James Gang
What band sings the song The Bad Touch?-Tenacious D-Alien Ant Farm-*Bloodhound Gang-The Offspring
What band sings the song Twilight of The Thunder God?-Arch Enemy-Finntroll-Kalmah-*Amon Amarth
What band sings the song Can You Feel My Heart?-Asking Alexandria-Of Mice and Man-*Bring Me The Horizon-Suicide Silence
What band sings the song You Only Live Once?-Carnifex-*Suicide Silence-Emmure-Chelsea Grin
What band sings the song Talk Dirty to Me?-*Poison-Cinderella-Tesla-Twisted Sister
What band sings the song Paranoid?-Dio-Iron Maiden-*Black Sabbath-Judas Priest
What band sings the song Holy Diver?-King Diamond-Ozzy Osbourne-*Dio-Motorhead
What band sings the song Ace of Spade?-*Motorhead-Iron Maiden-Slayer-Megadeth
What band sings the song Enter Sandman?-Slayer-Black Sabbath-*Metallica-Anthrax
What band sings the song Walk?-Lamb of God-Overkill-Slayer-*Pantera
What band sings the song Numb?-Papa Roach-Korn-Breaking Benjamin-*Linkin Park
What band sings the song Last Resort?-Stone Sour-Skillet-*Papa Roach-Trap
What band sings the song Hero?-*Skillet-Thousand Foot Krutch-Trapt-Seether
What band sings the song Raining Blood?-Megadeth-*Slayer-Pantera-Venom
What band sings the song Through The Fire And Flames?-Sabaton-Hammerfall-Dragonland-DragonForce
What band sings the song Bring Me To Life?-Skillet-Seether-Korn-*Evanescence
What band sings the song Chop Suey?-Limp Bizkit-*System of a Down-Slipknot-Rage Against The Machine